---
title: "Hermits"
categories: moosefood
tags: 
  - dessert
  - American
excerpt: ""
header:
  teaser: /images/hermits-150x150.jpg
---

## INGREDIENTS
* 1 cup raisins
* 2 tablespoons crystallized ginger *finely chopped*
* 8 tablespoons unsalted butter
* 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
* ¼ teaspoon ground allspice
* 2 cups all-purpose flour
* ½ teaspoon baking soda 
* ½ teaspoon salt
* ¾ cup dark brown sugar *packed*
* ½ cup mild/light molasses
* 2 large eggs
* 1½ tablespoons orange juice
* ¾ cup confectioners' sugar

## INSTRUCTIONS
1. Adjust oven racks to upper-middle and lower-middle positions. Heat oven to 350°F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
2. Process raisins and ginger in bowl of food processor until mixture sticks together and only small pieces remain. Transfer to large bowl.
3. Heat butter in small saucepan over medium-low heat, swirling pan occasionally, until nutty brown in color, about 10 minutes. Stir in cinnamon and allspice and cook until fragrant, about 15 seconds. Stir butter mixture into raisin mixture until well combined; cool to room temperature.
4. Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in a bowl. Stir brown sugar, molasses, and eggs into cooled butter mixture until incorporated. Fold in flour mixture (dough will be very sticky) and refrigerate, covered, until firm, at least 1½ hours or up to 24 hours.
5. Divide dough into quarters. Transfer one piece of dough to lightly floured surface, roll into 10-inch long log, and transfer to prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining dough. Bake until only shallow indentation remains on edges when touched (center will appear slightly soft), 15 to 20 minutes, switching and rotating sheets halfway through baking. Let cool on sheet 5 minutes, then transfer parchment to wire rack and cool completely.
6. Whisk orange juice and confectioners' sugar in small bowl until smooth. Drizzle glaze onto cooled logs and let sit until glaze hardens, about 15 minutes. Cut logs into 2-inch bars.
